[Annalise] Previously on:
How to Get Away with Murder:
The whole point
of having a flip phone
is to avoid being monitored
by someone like you.
[Otis] I was able
to install the keylogger.
Anything that he sees
on his screen,
-you'll see, too.
-Why are you here?
I'm not gonna stand here
and let you bully me.
-It's why Bonnie left you.
-Who's Bonnie?
The only victim
is Gerald Reinhoff,
the man that your client
beat to death.
I just need
to make a phone call.
Like the one you made
to get me back in?
You helped me with
a Supreme Court win, Connor.
That's why you're here.
I'm going salsa dancing
at The Dominicano.
Do you wanna come?
[Emmett] We lost
the Harrington trial.
This file on Bonnie.
She kidnapped her own son
from the hospital.
This is not Bonnie.
This is her sister.
[man] There's one of my grooms.
Where's the other?
Anyone seen my husband?
♪
[indistinct conversations
in Spanish]
♪
[Joe Bataan's "Muñeca
(Captain Planet Remix)" plays]
♪
[laughs]
-♪ Bailando, bailando ♪
-Annalise!
-I'm so happy you're here!
-[Annalise] Oh, you know what?
This is stupid.
I should go.
No, stay.
Get out here.
Everything okay?
Yeah.
[Annalise]
This is not Bonnie.
♪
This is her sister.
Who's her sister?
Why the hell do you
still have Denver's files?
I'm a detective.
I follow leads.
No. I think you finally want
to get the upper hand on me.
I'm here now,
telling you everything I know.
You don't know anything!
Alejandro!
[in Spanish] Dance with her.
No, no, no.
I'm just here to watch.
Alejandro's
the best teacher out there.
You two go, go.
I'll be over here.
♪
-[Nate] You knew all about this?
-God, no!
-Bonnie knows?
-Of course not.
She had the baby
when she was 15.
Her father said
it was born dead.
-She needs to know.
-No.
Her sister
knows what happened.
Her sister is trash.
She probably sold the baby
for smack.
-It's her kid, Annalise.
-Her kid who was a product
of rape.
Where's her sister live?
Why do you care?
-So we can find out
what happened.
-No.
What if Denver's got information
that could hurt Bonnie?
It's gonna come out.
Only if
you keep digging.
You can't run from it.
You got to tell her.
♪
-Let's go.
-♪ Bailando, bailando ♪
No. I'm happy here.
You didn't drag your ass
down here to be wallpaper.
Get out of your head
and in your body.
♪
Come on.
[man singing in Spanish]
♪
-♪ Bailando, bailando, bailando
-♪ There it is.
I knew
she had it in her!
♪
Here. Electrolytes.
[groans]
Or I could just
cut off my head.
How did you get
so hungover?
[sighs] Tegan.
You went drinking
with her?
I drank to get over her.
Then I went to Asher's.
-What?
-I didn't see him.
Frank stopped me.
-Why was Frank at Asher's?
-[scoffs]
Because you broke
his heart
and now he's desperate
for friends.
And so now you need
to stay away from him
just like I need to stay away
from Asher.
Starting today,
we are going to be good people
who respect boundaries
and focus on our fabstinence.
[Asher]
Book a venue already.
Otherwise
you're gonna end up
with the saddest wedding
in gay history.
[Connor] You're sad
for caring this much.
Here, I've compiled
a list of some affordable,
yet non-traditional
options.
Philadelphia
National Cemetery?
-It's very popular.
-[Connor] Okay, look,
no wedding planning
until after we win
Nate Senior's case!
-Can we please stop yelling?
-Finally!
-Fifteen minutes, we're leaving.
-Hurrying.
♪
Why are you here?
Because
I'm the best best man,
and I'm trying to make sure
that our lovebirds
get to cracking
on the wedding.
Oh, Oli, that reminds me,
I need your feedback
on my "plus one" options.
I wanna make sure
that you like my date.
A, stop trying
to make Michaela jealous.
And B, we can't afford
plus ones.
-What if I share my food
with her?
-Are you serious?
We are poor. Now move.
♪
I'll let you poop.
-That's not what I was--
-Bye, stinky!
What's up?
So, guess who's now
the official
permanent interim D.A.?
Seriously?
I just got the call
from the Judge's panel.
[chuckles]
[smooches]
You deserve it.
We deserve it.
God knows I could not have
gotten here without you.
Which leads me to this.
Bonnie Winterbottom...
Ron, please stand up.
...will you please
make our relationship official
by signing this H.R. form?
[chuckles]
-I hate you.
-[laughs]
Since I have the job,
I see no reason
why we can't go public.
♪
Let me think about it.
Great.
♪
We're not speaking?
I'm preparing
your father's case.
Or did you forget
I put my entire career
on the line for you two?
-[buzzer]
-[Senior] There she is!
You ready to knock out
some more white folks
-in court again?
-[laughs]
You know that's all
I look forward to.
[Annalise] We're using
an insanity defense at trial,
so the judge wants us
to find proof
of your mental state
at the time of the murder.
We're gonna need you to do
a psychiatric evaluation.
Uh, well,
I-I feel strong now.
Strong mind, strong body.
This psychiatrist
is going to be
asking you
about the past --
specifically about
how you felt
before and after
the murder.
Here's some possible
questions.
Just read them through
and see if
it refreshes your memory.
[exhales sharply]
I'm not trying to remember
back then, Annalise.
You've survived
more than bad memories.
-You can handle it.
-Okay, okay.
I'll study my ass off.
Anything to get outta here
and on your couch.
Well, as long as you don't snore
like you used to.
[laughs]
It's worse now.
Believe that?
[Annalise] Why does
he think he's gonna be
staying on your couch?
'Cause I was gonna tell him
after his psych eval.
He needs to know now
that the best-case scenario
is that he goes
to a mental facility.
Are you hearing yourself
right now?
It's not the same.
How about this?
You tell Bonnie.
I'll tell my pops.
If you want her
to know so badly,
why'd you come to me?
Because
you know her better.
Oh, so you want me
to do your dirty work --
first Bonnie,
now I have to save your father?
He's the reason I did this,
Annalise.
You pushed me
to talk to him again.
Now here I am,
every week visiting,
finally feeling like
I'm getting my pops back.
Maybe Bonnie's son
deserves the same chance.
It's not the same.
At least let Bonnie
decide that.
She doesn't want to know
any of this.
-How do you know that?
-I don't!
But you don't have a right
to mess with
anyone else's trauma.
♪
Let's get
the hell out of here.
♪
Hey. So I'm going through
his e-mails.
There's nothing about her
on his computer.
It's just crap about law school
or jail reform.
Don't talk down to me.
-[knock on door]
-Gotta go.
[beep]
Hi.
Come right in.
I told work
I was at the dentist.
I found a program
to hack flip phones.
Oh, I already
took care of that.
-How?
-I found a nerd
nerdier than you.
Name's Otis.
[laughs] Otis?
So Otis knows why
you're hacking Gabriel Maddox,
but you won't tell me?
What?
Annalise's student Gabriel
has a flip phone.
And nothing you do
is never not shady, so...
I got no clue what
you're talking about, Oli.
Fine.
I'll ask Annalise.
Hold up.
Come upstairs.
♪
You want the truth
or not?
♪
[beep]
[lock clicks]
Annalise has me do
background checks
on all her students.
That includes everyone
at the clinic. Maddox, too.
He was arrested
for "felony assault"?
Charges were dropped.
Probably just
a protest brawl.
Then why did
you want to clone his phone?
Annalise is an enemy
of the state now.
What if the Governor's
using a law student as a mole
to tank her appeals?
So, if you look into
all of Annalise's students,
-does that mean me too?
-Of course.
And I gotta say, Oli,
even I don't have
a porn library that big.
Please stop talking.
♪
-[gasps]
-[Laurel] What is all this?
Who cares!
The hangover gods
have answered my prayers.
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God. Mmmmmm.
Mmm! Mmm! Mmm!
[Connor] What,
are you paleo or something?
I don't eat oppression.
[Emmett]
Pace yourselves!
The CEO of Ruthie's Burgers
is 30 minutes out.
Let's make sure
that you're all
still happily eating
when she arrives.
Ruth Stevenson
is coming here?
You know her name?
I'm impressed.
And that's what today
is all about --
impressing Ms. Stevenson
as she looks for new counsel.
[Gabriel] Just curious.
Why would
you want to sign a client
whose company is
in the middle of a boycott?
Is that still a thing?
Some manager fired
all of his black employees
after falsely accusing them
of stealing.
-It should still be a thing.
-Okay.
You can't blame
an entire corporation
because of one bad manager,
especially when there's
a billion-dollar account
at stake.
Someone really did
their homework.
I worked at a Ruthie's Burgers
when I was in high school.
So if you need any help
wooing Ms. Stevenson...
Annalise needs us to help
with Nate Senior's case,
Michaela.
Annalise knows
there is no clinic
without corporate clients
footing the bill.
Will you make yourself
available?
Gladly.
♪
[knock on door]
-[door opens]
-I figured you'd be starving
the way you tore up the floor
last night.
I was just trying
to keep up with you.
You're not close
to keeping up with me.
But maybe
with a little practice...
Hey, I was just coming
to tell you
about our potential client, but
I see you're already enjoying.
Mm.
It tastes like ass.
See, that irresistible charm
is precisely why
I want you to join me
and Ms. Stevenson for lunch.
And she wants to meet
-the famous
Supreme Court winner.
-I can't.
I'm prepping
for a face-case trial.
We lost the Harrington account,
Annalise.
We sign Ruthie's, that'll help
make up for that loss.
Can you try to bring her
to my office?
I mean,
I'm better in small doses.
Fine.
But you're coming with me.
It'll be fun.
[sighs]
[Connor] Hey.
Do we believe Frank?
Who knows!
But my question is,
did you know Annalise
does background checks
-on all her students?
-Yeah.
It's how she picks
her inner circle.
So what'd she find
that made her pick you?
Well, you know, nothing,
other than I'm smart.
-That's a very far-fetched
reason.
-[Gabriel] Hey.
Keating wants us.
[Annalise]
The A.G.'s office
finally sent over
Mr. Lahey's prison records
from the last 30 years.
So everyone take a box.
Let's find any proof
that Mr. Lahey
was criminally insane
at the time he murdered
Gerald Reinhoff.
How do you prove someone
was insane 30 years ago?
Well, you look through
medical records,
witness statements,
guard reports.
We'll have a list of evidence
for the Judge
by the time Mr. Lahey
passes his psych eval.
That's the initiative
that I want.
Listen, Nathaniel Lahey
has been failed
by every institution
that was supposed to
have protected him.
And we don't want to be next
on the list.
Hey.
Ms. Castillo, a moment.
What do you need?
A hit of baby head.
Can you call the daycare?
I already
put you on the list
so you can visit him
whenever you want.
♪
[babbling]
Ahh.
You just made my day.
I'm so happy to see you.
Are you happy to see me,
too? Yes.
♪
You don't have to smile
just because I want you to.
♪
Maybe it's just this baby's
too damn big.
Have you tried
lying on your side?
[scoffs]
No. Why?
It helps sometimes.
♪
[Annalise]
If you keep being this cute,
I'm gonna have to steal you
out of this daycare.
[inhales sharply]
Why didn't you tell anyone
about the Councilman's
alleged abuse
when it was happening?
My father said he would
kill me and my sister
and get rid of our bodies
in the furnace of City Hall
if I said anything.
♪
Miss Winterbottom,
have you ever heard
of a medical condition
called a hysterical pregnancy?
I didn't lie
about my baby.
Not even you
ever saw that baby.
♪
[cellphone ringing]
[beep]
I was just thinking
I need your advice.
Good. Let's do lunch.
Right now?
I just had
a meeting cancel.
♪
Sure.
Tell me where to meet.
[exhales sharply]
♪
How stupid are you?
Get out.
Cops drive by here
all the time.
You missing your buddies
in the pen or something?
-Huh?!
-[camera shutter clicks]
♪
[cellphone ringing]
Hi.
Check your texts.
I-I'm about to meet
with Bonnie.
Even more reason to look.
♪
Where are you?
-I'm at the sister's.
-Why?
I got put on leave
until my pop's trial.
And this dude
lives with Julie.
That doesn't mean
it's him.
And what if it is?
♪
Leave, right now.
You said it yourself, I got
no proof. I come to get me some.
Leave and do
nothing else.
Lon's?
Two Cobb salads.
[laughs]
♪
[Oliver] Psst.
This better be
about Nate Senior's case.
It's not. Look.
Gabriel broke a guy's face.
I hacked his arrest report.
He beat up some doctor.
Connor!
Look, Nate Senior's
gonna die in prison
if we don't win this case.
Priorities.
Yeah?
Nate Senior complained
of heart palpitations
the morning of the murder,
but the guards wouldn't
let him see a doctor.
So?
Increased heart rate
is a sign of a manic episode.
Boom.
Going on the board.
Your mom?
Yep.
What about her?
She mentally ill?
Okay, you have got to stop it
with the eavesdropping.
Then don't sit
so close to me.
And it looks like we have
something else in common.
What's that
supposed to mean?
My mom's
pretty screwed up too.
♪
[Bonnie] I'm the subordinate
and he's my boss,
so it's really
his own ass he's covering
if he tells H.R.
[distant] I just don't want it
to put pressure on us.
Or affect how everyone
at work sees us, me.
[normal voice]
Does it affect how you see me?
Of course not.
I don't think you should let him
put pressure on you.
He's not.
[inhales deeply]
So why are we here?
We're eating lunch.
In a park, alone.
So what do you need?
♪
Something
on Nate's dad?
♪
Yeah.
Um, Nate's on leave,
and I'm trying to get
an advance copy
of the witness list
for his dad's case.
I'll try.
♪
Now, we created this space
specifically
for the pro-bono work
that our clinic
oversees.
[Ruth] Well,
I'm just thrilled to see
one of our former employees
overcoming the odds
to excel in such an environment,
how inspiring.
I have Ruthie's
to thank for that.
My time as manager gave me
the leadership skills I needed
to become a lawyer.
Ms. Keating.
Back from lunch, perhaps?
A lunch meeting
about my current case.
Well, I'm just glad
you're back
in time to
meet Ruth Stevenson.
Oh.
Pleasure to meet you.
[Ruth] The pleasure's mine.
And, my God, you are even
more lovely in person
-than on the news.
-Thank you.
Now, your hair is different
than last I saw.
Is--Is it real?
What the hell
are you doing?
Oh, no.
I'm sorry.
It's just so gorgeous.
You don't have to touch it
to know that.
♪
It was a compliment.
Yeah. Okay.
[Tegan] How about we go
and get some coffee?
♪
Can I ask you a question?
-As long as it's not about
that ninny out there.
-Exactly.
How are you okay
representing someone like that?
Well, being clueless doesn't
make her money less green.
Well, her money comes directly
from the exploitation
of poor black
and brown people.
And our clinic is helping
those same
black and brown people
get out of prison.
So you're okay with just
feeding the system?
You chose
to work in this system
the minute
you came to law school.
No, I came here
to blow up the system.
I am blowing up
the system.
That's why we need to win
Nate Senior's trial.
So my SCOTUS case
doesn't become
Robbins v. California
or Grady v. Corbin.
I don't know those.
That's because
they were overturned.
But we're not gonna
let that happen,
no matter how many shots
the Governor fires at us.
We're gonna take from the rich
and give to the poor.
Or are you
anti-Robin Hood too?
You want to do some good
in the world?
Go to the D.A.'s office
and pick up a package.
♪
Hey.
-You off work early?
-Something like that.
Any chance
I can get a rush on this?
You said it yourself, I got
no proof. I come to get me some.
[Annalise]
Leave and do nothing else.
♪
I think the kid
who used it
might be the missing kid
you got on file.
Just see
if the DNA's a match.
Why are you lying to me?
You got put on leave
during your dad's trial.
Are all these tests you're
having me run for his case?
-No.
-Then what are they for?
You know
I can't tell you that.
It's not about us.
Relax. We're good.
♪
This is the last time
I'm doing this.
♪
Asher.
Next-door nemesis,
what brings you yonder?
I, uh, have to pick up a package
from this office.
Do you know where it is?
You're not seriously asking me
to help you with a clinic
that you got me booted from,
are you?
No, of course not.
I know that's Keating's
handwriting, you dumbass!
[Bonnie] You here
for Professor Keating?
-Yeah.
-How is this taking
you so long?
[Asher] Whoever your last intern
was misfiled everything.
[Bonnie] That was Laurel.
Wait, you're
Professor Keating's Bonnie?
Excuse me,
she's her own Bonnie.
Right. I'm sorry.
I just, uh --
Michaela Pratt
mentioned you once.
-What'd she say about me?
-All good stuff.
Why'd you stop working
for Annalise?
None of your business,
and Annalise needed
that file yesterday.
♪
So, how's everything
in my BonBon's life going?
I like to know
what's going on with you.
I'm good.
Boring.
You?
Boring? Yeah.
Good?
No.
[chuckles]
Because of Michaela?
No.
But--I mean, yes,
I-I still hate her,
but I hate, uh, AK more
for putting me
in a constant state of FOMO
now that there's a K4
I'm not a part of.
And of course it doesn't help
that they all live together,
and, um, my greatest opportunity
to expand my social circle
is joining Peggy-down-the-hall's
bowling group.
[sighs]
You're lonely.
It happens.
Yeah.
Aren't you?
Sometimes.
♪
Maybe this is, uh,
gonna be weird to say,
but I-I do think about us
s-sometimes, BonBon.
Like--I don't know--
maybe if I hadn't
messed things up,
or if I was smarter
or...
I don't know.
Maybe--
Maybe we'd still be
a thing.
♪
You're just tired.
[inhales deeply]
Go home.
You've earned it.
♪
[telephones ringing]
Ms. Price, can I --
I should start wearing garlic
to keep you away.
I know how you can sign
the Ruthie's Burgers account.
That account went bye-bye
-the second White Tears
touched Annalise's hair.
-Listen.
When I worked there,
the handbook said
we had to take a break
every three hours.
Except they made us
clock out for that time.
How does pointing out
our potential client's
illegal activity
help us woo her?
We can use it to blackmail
Ruthie into hiring C&G.
And if she doesn't,
then we sign up
their thousands of employees
for a class action.
If, and I mean if,
we do this,
I'd need proof
of those violations --
time cards, pay stubs,
employee statements.
Without that, your big idea
is a big nothing.
So...can you turn nothing
into something?
Of course.
Mm.
I'm just gonna need
some time.
There is no time.
Ruth's making her decision
tomorrow.
[knock on door]
Hi.
You couldn't just leave it
alone, could you, sweet O?
Leave what alone?
What's going on?
Oliver's been hacking up dirt
on your classmate Gabriel.
-What?
-Okay, everyone just chill.
And before you deny it,
just know my guy Otis
showed me proof.
You had your hacker
hack me?
Wait, why are you
looking into Gabriel?
I research
all Annalise's students.
Yeah. Did you know?
Of course.
That's why she picked me --
'cause of my dad,
Asher because of his dad,
Wes because of her guilt.
But why me?
Why'd she pick me, Frank?
You think I'm ever
gonna tell you that?
Tell us the truth.
Gabriel's sketchy, right?
No.
[Connor] Fine.
If you don't
want to tell us,
then can you please leave
so that we can work
on Senior's case?
No more snooping,
you hear me?
♪
At the time
of Gerald Reinhoff's murder,
were you using
mind-altering substances?
[Senior] No. No way.
I-I used to sell drugs
back in the day,
but even then I-I knew better
than to use 'em. Mm-hmm.
Then why on the morning
of the murder,
did you tell the guard
that your heart was
pounding out of your chest?
Probably 'cause it was.
I just got out of the SHU.
I was excited.
You'd be excited, too.
How was that?
Great. Keep it up.
♪
Tell me why you destroyed
your cell that day.
-I was boxing.
-Your cellmate?
Joe Frazier.
[Connor] Further proof
of our client's insanity
is that he claimed
to have superpowers
days before the murder.
These visual
and auditory hallucinations
prove the defense
has established
the necessary factors
to satisfy the M'Naghten rule.
Our client did not know
the difference
between right and wrong
the day of the murder.
Is that true?
Just type.
[Annalise] One of the guard's
reports says
that immediately
following the murder,
with blood
still on your hands,
that you asked for a slice
of chocolate cake.
No.
Look at the report.
It says you asked for cake.
Who asks for some cake,
a man laying there
with his brains
leaking out his head?
Someone who didn't realize
what they had done.
Look at me.
It helps our case
because what it means is
that you couldn't tell
the difference
between right and wrong.
Of course I know
what I'd done was wrong!
Well, of course you understand
it's wrong now.
We're talking about
when it was happening.
No way in hell
am I gonna say
that I asked
for some damn cake.
The jury's gonna send me
to the chair for sure
if I say
something like that.
There is no jury
if you don't say it!
You hear me?
Our entire defense,
you getting a chance
to get out of here,
rests on one question,
did you understand
that killing Gerald Reinhoff
was wrong?
The only right answer
is to say you didn't.
Right?
So you think long and hard
about how you wanna
answer it.
♪
First, we --
we want to thank you
for meeting with us again.
We know how uncomfortable
yesterday was.
Please know
I'm beyond mortified.
I had my assistant
Internet search
why one should never touch
an Afro American's hair
and, my God, I had no idea
it was such a faux pas.
Well, you know,
we all need to live and learn,
which brings us
to our pitch.
Ms. Price
has the research,
so I will cede the floor
to her.
Actually the research
is right here.
That's not the research
we're talking about.
Sit.
Ms. Stevenson,
our market research shows
that the current boycott
of Ruthie's Burgers --
-It'll die down soon.
-It's been a year.
Ruthie's is in need
of a culture shift.
And while you, your father,
and your grandfather
have always
taken pride in the fact
that Ruthie's
is a family company,
right now the world sees
your family as the problem.
To be more specific,
that you are the problem.
I'm sorry.
Did you beg me
to come back here
so that more of your employees
could insult me?
Let Ms. Price finish.
Caplan & Gold has one specific
recommendation for you --
step down as CEO
immediately.
In your resignation,
you'll state that, as CEO,
you know all the best changes
start at the top,
and no one's more committed
to that change than you.
And you show you mean it
by making me
the face of your legal team.
An African-American.
You can't seriously
support this.
I can and I do,
especially when you consider
the $50 million stock gain
we're anticipating
the moment
you make the announcement.
♪
[Michaela]
I don't understand.
I-I stayed up all night,
collecting paystubs,
time sheets.
Did you honestly think
starting a new attorney-client
relationship with blackmail
was a good idea?
I was doing whatever it takes
to get the job done.
Except I got the job done
the right way.
What was this for?
I was testing you --
to see if you could step down
from your pedestal for one night
and do the boring,
back-breaking, grunt work
real lawyers do
to build cases.
-[elevator bell dings]
-And look at that. You did it.
Does this mean
you don't hate me anymore?
Yesterday, I hated you at 10.
Today, you're an 8.
♪
You better not still be hacking
you-know-who.
Oli just got into
his Middleton application.
What?
It was Laurel's idea.
Come read this part
of his essay.
[sighs]
"As a child to a parent
with substance abuse issues,
I've experienced first hand
how our justice system
persecutes the wrong people."
Okay, you know what?
I feel dirty reading this.
The doctor he beat up
was the guy over-prescribing
his mother's pills.
Hey, give me that.
Uh,
what are you doing?
I need a distraction until
the judge rules on our motion.
So let's see
what's in my file.
You got in.
What does it matter?
Can I check mine next?
I knew it.
All she does is lie.
♪
[foot tapping]
[Dr. Phillips] On the morning
of February 9,
do you recall
having breakfast?
I didn't eat nothing
that day.
I was too jumpy.
Why were you "jumpy"?
I'd just
gotten out of the SHU.
It felt like my skin
was crawlin'.
Did you alert any of the guards
to your mental distress?
I told them
I wanted to see the doctor,
told 'em it felt like my heart
was beating too fast.
They told me no.
♪
Convince me
why I should tell her.
♪
You know her.
I mean, you know she's tougher
than she looks.
But she's been happy.
That's what makes this
the right time.
She's got support.
Nate, I'm too tired
to take care of anyone else.
But you know
you'll be there for her.
Just like
you've been here for me.
♪
It's a chance for Bonnie
to get back what she lost.
♪
[Dr. Phillips] Is it true
Mr. Reinhoff approached you
while you were working out
and said,
"Let's see
what the boxer's got"?
Uh, yes, yes.
That's true, yes.
And, uh, I stood up
to face him.
And he came at me
and threw a punch.
So I fought back.
And I --
I guess I didn't stop.
What were you thinking
in those moments
as you were beating him?
All I remember
is coming to,
and, um,
five COs had me
and they were hollerin'
and holding me back.
And then I looked on the ground
and I saw this man.
He was laying there in, uh --
in the dirt.
I saw him, and...
and h-his brains...
were coming
through his skull,
and I thought
I knew him...
♪
...but it was too hard to tell
'cause his face was...
♪
And in that moment,
did you understand
what you did was wrong?
♪
I just remember
I wanted a slice of cake.
♪
[Annalise] Listen up.
The judge made her decision.
Due to your motion
and a successful psych eval,
we get to argue
our insanity defense.
-[woman] Yes!
-[applause]
Now, we won a battle,
but not the war.
The trial is Monday,
and I'll need for all of you
to work your asses off
until then.
Especially you, Mr. Walsh.
Congratulations,
you'll be my second chair.
♪
Congrats.
[Oliver] Connor.
Connor, maybe now
is not the best time.
[Connor] Hey.
Do you just enjoy
lying to us?
What?
[scoffs]
I saw my admissions file.
You called
President Hargrove,
and you told her
to let me back in.
You failed out,
Connor.
In what world does
the same school let you back in?
That's why I asked you
to your face
for the truth.
And the reason
why I didn't tell you
is because I knew
how insecure you'd be
-if you thought
you didn't belong here.
-Okay, well, I'm an adult.
I can handle
a little disappointment.
You came crying at my doorstep
last year,
saying you were suicidal.
Yeah,
'cause I needed some help.
Well,
and I gave you that help.
-That's all I ever do for you.
-Why? Why though?
Because I didn't want
your damn blood on my hands.
No. Why me?
I mean why did you pick me
for the K5 to begin with?
Y-You always have
a reason for everything.
So why me?
You know what?
This is your mess,
and I'm gonna let you handle it.
No, no, just answer
the question!
Why me?!
You know what?!
I'm trying to change
the damn world here!
Literally!
I'm Martin Luther Damn King
trying to blow up
the entire justice system!
And I'm trying to help you
do that! Ask anyone out there!
I wrote up that motion
for the judge! Me!
No, you're bringing me your
little bitch boy problems!
Just like everyone else
out there!
You want me to save the world
and be nice at the same time!
Well, that's not me!
And shame on you if you
haven't figured that out yet.
♪
Mr. Maddox,
you're now my second chair.
♪
-You were looking for me?
-Ah.
[clears throat]
I, uh...
I wanted to
finally apologize.
You don't have to apologize
for your people.
I don't apologize
for mine.
And at least
you signed her.
-Yeah. Thank God.
-[chuckles]
And I understand
congratulations
are in order for you
on the Lahey case.
I wish I could be here
to cheer you on,
but I've been called
to London.
What for?
Eh. Just some face time
with the board.
Really?
Not for your misconduct
with a client?
♪
You asked me to lunch
with you and Ruth.
And when I said I couldn't,
you jumped right to Tegan.
Is it only your female clients
you can't be alone with?
♪
I can't talk to you
about this.
I'm not looking
for an explanation.
Lord knows people love
to spread rumors about me.
No, I can't talk about it
legally, Annalise.
You should go.
♪
[buzzer]
[laughs] I passed!
They can call me crazy!
[laughs]
Why you lookin'
so serious?
Sit down, pops.
After we go to trial,
if the jury finds you
not guilty...
you can't come home
with me.
What? You don't want me
living with you?
Is that --
that what you saying?
I'm saying the judge
is gonna place you
in a mental facility
due to your history.
Annalise can't find a way
around that?
I'm sorry.
This facility --
it's got its own
private bathroom?
Yeah.
No bars on the windows?
You'll get
your own room too.
The food's pretty good.
I'll get to see you?
Yeah.
♪
That's a win in my book.
[crying]
♪
[cellphone ringing]
[sniffles]
♪
[beep]
Hey.
I've got the results
from the needle.
Was it a match?
Is that really all you have
to say to me right now?
Listen, we should have more time
to talk about this.
We don't.
'Cause maybe
I'm expecting too much,
but I know what I need.
And it's more than you're
willing to give, so just...
Let's just move on
before anyone gets hurt.
♪
[cellphone rings]
[beep]
I haven't decided yet.
I got the DNA test results
for the kid.
♪
I do...
give you permission
to go public
with our relationship.
[cellphone ringing]
[beep]
Hey.
♪
[Annalise]
Denver had files on you.
It said your baby's alive.
And then Nate found this.
There's a man the right age,
lives with Julie,
someone we thought
might be him.
But then the DNA
didn't match.
Nate said
he destroyed the file.
I know.
[cries]
[voice breaking]
Then why didn't he?
[sniffles]
He was thinking
of his dad...
and he wanted you
to have a chance
to feel what he felt.
Please tell me
you don't believe that.
I do.
Come here. Come.
Come here.
Come here. Come here.
[sobbing]
[sighs heavily]
This is not
my decision.
[sniffles]
It's all you.
[breathes deeply]
You're allowed
to feel nothing.
All right?
Forget all of this
and just...
Just...
be where you are.
[sobbing]
Or we...
we can find him.
All right?
I'll be here either way.
Whatever you want,
I'm here.
Okay?
-[exhales sharply]
-I'm here.
[sobbing]
♪
[emcee]
Oliver to the dance floor!
♪
Come on, folks.
Let's make some noise
to get his attention.
[cheers and applause]
♪
Hey. Where is he?
[Michaela] Uh...
-Michaela?
-Um...
Let's all call him.
He has to be close.
♪
[ringing]
[cellphone ringing, vibrating]
♪
[Nate] This is Nate Lahey.
Leave a message.
-[beep]
-Hey, it's me.
Um, are you still here?
I'm in the tent,
and I haven't seen you, so...
can you call me
as soon as you get this?
Thank you.
♪
[screams]
[sobbing]
♪